It's good to come home boy I swear. I know man, it's been a while, it's been a while. DC is different. I've been gone man it took me years to do this show but boy DC has changed. It's different nails. It's a lot of white people walking around, isn't it? I mean, I left DC in the eighties, it was not like this in the eighties when crack was going on. Remember when crack was going on? Although white people be looking at DC from Virginia with binoculars and shit. Well that looks dangerous. Not yet. New white people you can't scare these white people. I tried. Roll up on them, boo! The hell is wrong with you? Those days are over. I'm though, like I'm doing a show here by Howard and you see like white people come on, that's good. One thing I'm seeing, if we walk down a street and you'll see like a group of black dudes walking, not just any old black dudes, you know, thugs. Talking, there be some thugs in the group and a group that got like one or two sometimes as many as three white guys would be with them. You ever seen that shit? Let me tell you something about those white guys. Those white guys are the most dangerous motherfuckers in them groups. It's true. It's true man. There's no telling what they've done to get them black dudes' respect. Well them black dudes have seen them do some wild shit, I'll tell you that. I've been trying to tell brothers that every other group of should have at least one white guy in it. I'm serious for safety because when the shit goes down, somebody's going to need to talk to the police. I mean, that's when that white friend comes in handy. Uh oh, Ernie, you want to get this one? Come on, come on now. Do something. Black people are very afraid of the police. That is a big part of our culture. It don't matter how rich you are, how old you are, you're just afraid of them. We got, we got every reason to be afraid of them. You know I mean like you're white lady. You ever been pulled over before? You know nobody say, "let me see your driver's licence and your registration," right? See? See? I'm just guessing. That's not what they say to us. You wouldn't believe what they say to us. Uh, spread your cheeks and lift your sack. Like, what the fuck? Excuse me? You heard me, spread open your cheeks and lift your sack. I got a driver's license too. It's a easier way to prove who I am and shit. What does that prove? I can't go to the bank like that. Cash my check. What do you mean I don't have any ID? Wait a minute. Oh, oh I'm sorry Mrs. Chappelle, right this way. Why didn't you spread your cheeks in the beginning? Scared of them. I'm serious man, you'd be at a red light the police might pull up next to you, it won't be no big deal for you, but you I fucking fall apart. Oh come on, don't look over there. But I didn't always know there was a black thing. It took me a while to figure that out. I learned that shit in New York. I was in New York City. Now I was hanging out with a friend of mine. He's a white guy, you know, we were just hanging out and we were lost in the city we was smoking a joint. Now, I don't know if it was a coincidence we were lost and high and shit, but my white buddy he was smoking a joint. "Dave, Dave, it's the god damn cops." I'm going to ask them for directions. I said, "Chip, no! Chip don't do it!" It was too late. He was walking over there. This man was high as shit. "Excuse me. Excuse me sir." Touching them and shit. "Excuse me." "You need some information?" "Oh, it's not confessing things you shouldn't confess. I'm a little high. All I want to know is which way is third street." The cop was like, "Hey, hey, take it easy, you're on third street. You better be careful. Go ahead, move it. Move it." That's all that happened. That's the end of the story. Now, I know that's not amazing to some of you, but this shit happens to one of these black fellows, that shit is fucking incredible. I'm sorry, a black man would never dream of talking to the police high. That's a waste of weed. I'm serious. I mean, I'd be scared of talking to the police when I'm sleepy, and fuck around and get the wrong idea. Oh my god, that one was on PCP Johnson. I had to use necessary force. You saw him. No, no, no paperwork, just, just spring some crack on him, let's get out of here. That's how it is but at the time I didn't think anything was racial about it was like, "Man shit, you got fucking lucky you better be careful." But then another time me and Chip were driving. Now I'm not driving. Chip is driving and he's driving a little crazy. He'd been drinking. I don't like to let me friends drive drunk, but you know, I was smoking a joint. I couldn't really say shit to the guy. And we get to the right light, we stop at a red light. And the car pulls up next to us and I'll never forget it. Chip, he looks at me all drunk and he's like, "Dave, I'm going to race him." I knew it was a bad idea, but I was high. I tried to explain that it was a bad idea, but all that came out was, "Well, sometimes you gotta race someone." Man, that light turned green and Chip took off zigzagging and shit. I didn't even know he was racing. Then a police seen us and pulled us over. Now you understand I was scared as shit. I mean come on, the car smells like weed, we been speeding, this man is fucking drunk. I'm scared. Chip was not scared at all. It was weird. He didn't even turn his radio down. Isn't that weird? If you get pulled over, don't you turn your radio down? I don't want to get my ass beat to a soundtrack and shit. Know what I'm saying? Chip had the music blasting, "We're not going to take it." What is it Dave? Just relax. Close your butt cheeks. Just relax. Let me do the talking. Well, know what he said? It was almost exactly what he said I couldn't believe it he says, "Sorry officer, I didn't know I couldn't do that." I was fucking shocked. The cop said, "well now you know. Get out of here. Just get the fuck out of here."  He said, "Okay sir, I will. Thank you. What? What's wrong with you, Dave?" I didn't know I couldn't do that. He said, "That was good, wasn't it? Because I did know I couldn't do that." I was shocked. I wasn't shocked of the audacity of it, I was shocked because I never would have thought to do that. I don't think anybody would think to say that because they know we know the law. Every black dude in this room is a qualified paralegal and shit. We know the law. If one of us even starts to do something wrong, an old black man will pop up out of nowhere. Don't do that, it's five to ten. Watch out! We know the laws and the penalties. That guy Chip didn't even know he couldn't race. I'm not saying that I don't like police. I'm not saying that. I'm scared of them. Nothing wrong with that. Sometimes, we want to call them too. Somebody broke into my house once. This is a good time to call them. I said no, the house is too nice. I ain't a real nice house but they'd never believe I lived in it. "He's still here. Oh my god. Open and shut case, Johnson. I saw this once before when I was a rookie. Apparently he broke in and hung up pictures of his family everywhere. Well, let's sprinkle some crack on him and get out of here." That's that whole brutality thing. That's common knowledge, there was a time when only minorities knew about that. I'm not going to say white people didn't believe us, but you was a little skeptical. You were a little skeptical. And in the news white people were like, "Oh my god. Honey did you see this? Apparently the police have been beating up negroes like hotcakes. It's in the main issue." I mean, really, how could you know? How could anyone else know. I mean maybe you should have seen something a little suspicious. Don't you think it was a little suspicious, a little suspicious? Every dead person the police find has a little crack sprinkled on them? Come on, man. Who gets shot and sprinkles crack on themselves? Bam! Oh, oh. I'm a paranoid guy, that's how I am. I be scared to call nine one one for anything, even it's like a fire or anything. Because they take those phone calls. I see the shows, the tape them and then they play em on television. That's fucked up. Now I'll say anything if I'm scared, that shit is private. What if I get killed? They start playing that nine one one tape on the news I can't explain myself to my buddies. They're watching the news. "We have Reggie Chapman on the news. Reggie? What's going on out there?" It always takes the guy on the scene a minute. "Hi Bob." "Hi, yes. We just got a copy of Dave Chappelle's frantic nine one one emergency call. Remember viewers, some of this language is disturbing." "Hello, emergency?" "Help! Help mother fucker, they coming to get me!" "Just calm down sir, where are you?" "Oh, oh I shit on myself. I can't stop crying. They hear that shit thirty, forty times a day. All my buddies be looking at me at my funeral, "You know Dave shit on himself right before he died?" "I saw it on the  news. He died kind of like a bitch." I'd be dead I can't defend myself. That's not a nice thing to do. That's not a nice thing to do. I mean, it's a nine one one tape. How do they expect you to sound? Of course you're going to be scared. It's an emergency. Nobody calls nine one one cool and relaxed. And that shit would sound ridiculous. "Hello emergency?" "Hi. Hey nine one one how are you? Yeah, uh look. There's a group of hooded white men gathering outside of my house. And it looks like they mean business." "Get out here!" "I gotta go. You guys try and hurry." It's too much pressure. That's my problem. I can't, I can't handle pressure. Sometimes pressure make me talk different. I'm serious. You ever have that social pressure? You ever talk to somebody who's fake and they make you fake? They're like, "Hey, how you doing?" and you're like, "fine, how are you?" I don't even talk like that. I get sick of that shit. I do, it makes me sick. Sometimes, I'll talk crazy just to make myself feel better. I start talking like crazy. You ever hear this voice? That's how bad guys used to talk in the forties. In the old days. I talk like that, not all the time, but if somebody put the pressure on me, fuck it, I gotta cut loose. If the police pull me over, I'll talk crazy. "Son, son. Do you know why we pulled you over?" "Yeah, because I'm black, see." I'll do it. It's not illegal to talk like that. How they know I don't talk like that every day. "Stop talking like that." "Stop talking like what, copper? That's how I talk, see." You gotta make life interesting like that because shit is flimsy. Life is flimsy. You think you gonna live forever, but it's dangerous out here. We know what's going on. I travel now. You know. I used to think DC had the roughest ghettos in the country. No. I have seen some shit now. Oh there's some rough, rough areas outside of DC. Everybody should go to the ghetto. I was taken to the ghetto, that shit is the worst, when you are taken to the ghetto when you are not expecting to go. Usually you want to know what you're going to get. I'm going to see some wild shit. I got to prepare myself for something crazy. When you're taken, it's different. I had a limousine driver. It was after a show, it was late at night, like three in the morning. I had a limousine driver. He was a nice guy, talking to me and shit. "Oh hey, where you from? DC? Word? That's a rough city, man. And his cellphone started ringing. "Hold on, one second. Hello? Oh what's up? What the fuck? Slow down, what the fuck? No! No! Fuck that, I'm on my way. Hey, I've got to make a stop real quick." At three o'clock in the morning. I didn't know where he was taking me at first. I started looking out the window. Gun store, gun store, liquor store, gun store. Where the fuck is he taking me? This don't look good. He didn't say shit. Just pulled up in front of an old rickety building that looked like a project. Now, I had never been there before and I wasn't sure if it was a project, but it certainly had all the familiar symptoms of a project. A fucking crackhead went this way. And then another one jumped out a tree and shit. And the driver said, "I'll be right back," and left me. Took the keys with him and left me, at three o'clock in the morning, in front of a project, in a fucking limousine. This was not good. I was like, I got to look around and see some landmarks and figure out where I'm at. I might have to escape on foot. Now this is when I knew I was in a bad neighborhood. This is only in the worst neighborhoods. Remember, it's three o'clock in the morning, it's three o'clock in the morning. I look out the window. It was a fucking baby standing on a corner. And the baby didn't even look scared. He was just standing there. I mean, it made me sad, it made me sad really, because I wanted to help the baby. I was like, "No, I'm sorry, I can't help you either." The old baby on the corner trick. I'm not going to fall for that shit.