I sure would like to see the show you fuckers think you're gonna see. Because that's really going to be a great show. And call me when it's on the air because I want to catch it. We're here in the Music Box Theatre, for those of you at home. My parents, just so you know, are here with us this evening because, besides the tension of doing a show live, I thought I'd bring my parents with me. Behind me, the set that you see is a painting that my father did. My father worked for the government for a number of years, retired at the age of fifty-five, and then at the age of sixty began to paint. And he painted until he was eighty-three, at which time he quit painting. And I said, "Why have you stopped?" And he said one of the greatest things I have ever heard one who's done art say: "I've run out of ideas." And my mother is here tonight. We're lucky she's here because when she finally understood in the past few days just what pay-per-view meant, she said, "You mean for twenty bucks I could have just stayed home?" For the longest time, I had this revelation this year. For the longest time, I had really thought that the great disappointment in my life was that I don't have a family of my own. I'm heterosexual, single, I have no children. I thought, "Wow, I'm a failure." And then, just this year, I realized, "That isn't what I fucking thought." That's what married people thought about me. Because you married people are pricks. You bring a judgment when you sit down with single people. Every time I am stopped by someone they inevitably ask, there'll be a married couple standing, "So, are you married? Do you have children?" And I go, "No." And then they just look sad. "Oh...why do you exist?" And then that's the other look I get from time to time, that snide look like, "Oh...we know what you do, Mr. Black. You wake up early in the morning and go in the woods and rub your cock on trees." Which is certainly something I thought about, but I don't know what poison sumac looks like. So I arrived home this past New Year's and I walked into my apartment alone and stood there for a moment and went, "Son of a bitch! Being single is why I'm happy! Oh wait, what's that sound? Silence!" So what I've realized now is that the great disappointment of my life is actually this century. The twenty-first century. This century, whether you've noticed or not, blows chunks. This is not the century I was told was going to be when I was a kid. Oh, this twentieth century is awful. Wait, the twenty-first century is going to be magnificent when it arrives. This is the twentieth century, I don't know if you've noticed, all over again. Only this time, it's in high definition. One of the things that they said was that space travel would be like science fiction now and it's, it's fiction. We don't have a space program anymore. I can't fucking believe it. One of the few things I like, not so much exploration, but shooting shit into the air. The North Koreans have a space program. I don't know what they're shooting up there, I think like washers and dryers and old TVs, but they're trying. You younger members of the audience, you're lucky. You still have a future to look forward to. This is my fucking future. I'm standing in the tunnel and the light is coming right at me. One of the reasons this century hasn't worked out the way it should, part of the fault for that certainly lies with my generation. We're the ones who helped shape this pile of shit. And I love my generation dearly, don't get me wrong. My generation was the generation that was going to change the world and we've certainly done that. We've managed in our short time here on the planet to just fuck about everything up. And the thing is is that the reason it hasn't worked out the way we thought is because when we said we were going to change the world, we were all very young. We were like 16 to twenty-one. When you're that young, you really don't know what you're going to be great at. And it turns out, that what my generation is great at is completely antithetical to getting shit done. Because what we're great at, greater than any generation before and I guarantee greater than any generation after, no generation, and I mean no generation, hangs out better than we do. We are the greatest generation to ever just want to sit on a couch. And if you provided us with the proper seating and proper plumbing and brought us whatever nutrition, drinks, drugs, whatever it takes to sustain life in our body, we would sit there until the day we fucking died and talk to you about any goddamn thing you wanted. We don't have to know it. Nuclear physics? Son of a bitch, I thought you'd never ask! And then we'll go on to do what we were born to do, which is bullshit. We're magnificent at it. You kids out there, you're interested in facts. That'll serve you in good stead. We never had an interest in facts, which is why things have turned out the way they are. But we were more creative. What do we know about nuclear physics? We know probably neutron, proton, molecule, atom. Four words, and we'll sit there and go on for hours. Hours, just weaving tales of nonsense and we don't have an idea of fuckall of what we're talking about. But we don't care. We just enjoy listening to the sound of our own goddamn voices. And then one of you kids will go, "Eh, I don't think that's right. I'm going to google it." And as soon as you do that, you're not hanging out anymore, fucker, you're doing research. What's amazing is a lot of the times that the things you look up to see if you're right about is actually the shit that we made up. Now, apparently, my parents' generation passed on to my generation social security, and it seems that we were supposed to pass that on, and I wish somebody had told us. There were no memos, nothing. You know, the big argument that we keep going on and on and on about how what makes social security work and the Democrats and Republicans will tell you whatever they want about it and you can believe whatever you want but the fact of the matter is this: the reason social security doesn't work is, is very simple. It's because it's math. And it's really hard math. It's the kind of math that's so hard it makes me squeeze my peepee, that's how hard it is. It is a lot of long division. And most of you in the fucking room don't know what long division is. That's when you take a number and put it under a hut. Let's say for the purposes of argument that number is all the money in the social security system. That's a really long fucking number. That number goes on forever. And then, let's say we divide it by another big fucking number. That's all the people in the social security system. Now you look at this number, now you look at that number, and go, "Whew. It's time for a nap." Then you have to guess, you have to guess, which number you divide into this number when multiplied by that fucking number. Pay attention! Will be less than and not more than the super fuck number. And then you go and you and do all of the math and you get to the end...fuck! I knew it should have been a three. Now you've got to go back and do it again. Then you take the three and you start multiplying it with a seven. It's twenty-one. Put the twenty-one there. Put the twenty-one there. And then you have to carry the two. Carry the fucking two. That's where things went wrong. Somebody forgot to carry the fucking two. We argue about everything when it comes to social security. What's interesting is that I just learned a fact. And it's amazing that no one really, so few people know this fact. That if you earn more than one hundred sixteen or one hundred seventeen thousand dollars a year, that money isn't taxed to go in to the social security system. How many of you actually knew that? eighty people who aren't even fucking sure. There are eight hundred people in this room, about eighty knew it. Sort of. That's pretty strange, isn't it? Why do you think they've kept that a secret? Hmm? I don't know, but it seems to me, that if you haven't been taxing money over a certain number, that that's a big chunk of fucking money that didn't get under the hut. Now, I'm not saying, for those of you who get all upset and your nipples get red when the word tax is mentioned, I am not saying you tax it. I don't give a shit. But what I am saying is, fucking discuss it, if you're going to discuss everything. If you're going to say that one way to save the social security system is to take the check and make the check, convert it with using the consumer price index. That's one of the things they're talking about. And that might work if any of us knew that the consumer price index was. Nobody fucking knows. Nobody. I can bring up any leader in this country. Any one of those fuckers and ask them to explain it, and I can guarantee within five minutes they'll be crying and peeing their pants. I've read about the consumer price index. And I'll tell you this, and you can read about what it is, and you can read the paragraphs this way, or this way, and it means the same fucking thing. I think one of the things you could do that may be a good idea is to raise the level of retirement, the age, from sixty-five to sixty-seven. Now I know that those of you in the audience who are sixty-five are going, "Hey, fuck you Lewis!" I'm not saying we do it now, I'm sixty-five in a week, so fuck that shit. But eventually. But we do, it's something we should consider. And the reason we should consider it is because people are getting older and older. My parents are ninety-four and ninety-five. Okay? So, and how do you live to be that old? I think part of it is attitude. My mother called a year ago and said, "Lewis, I need a new computer." I said, "Great, I'll get you one tomorrow." She said, "No, I don't want it tomorrow. I need it in about ten months." I said, "What?" She said, "That's when Windows eight comes out." That's the definition of optimism. One of the reasons that my parents lived this long is they were great parents. But, the fact of the matter is, as parents, they didn't do shit. I mean nothing. They had their jobs, and when it came to us, it was, "Fuck it." I would come home from school and mother would go, "Oh, you're here. Now go away. Come back for dinner." And I would go away. And there was no such thing as a play date. No fucking play dates, asshole! My mother, if there were play dates, I would have been in the house for the rest of my fucking life. She'd be going, "Are you shitting me? I'm supposed to get the resume of a nine-year-old? No, you go out and play. You play with all the kids, I don't give a fuck. Even the one with the slow eye, you play with that kid." Every generation, from generation to generation, wants to give to their children what they didn't have in their childhood. You younger memebers of the audience, I'm going to tell you right now, there's nothing fucking left. Nothing. Not a goddamn thing. I've got two friends. They live in North Carolina and they teach. Full-time jobs. Full-time fucking jobs. Friday comes, they get in the car, with the four kids, and drive them two, three hundred miles to stay in Motel What The Fuck. Okay? A place where you can get crabs and typhus and who knows what else. And why did they do that? So that they can wake up Saturday morning for the soccer fucking tournament. Are you shitting me? eight-year-olds, ten-year-olds, twelve-year-olds, playing soccer? God damn it! I would rather take a fork and scratch my eye. What a fun thing! Hours of that shit. "Get up Johnny, you fuck! Get up." Then if they win, they've got to stay around Sunday, is somebody shitting me? And then they drive home. And then they wake up and go back to work. Parenting is not a goddamn job. But if you kids want to do it, be my fucking guest.